In whether it is the quality of the face of the Buddha, or speaking about the wrath of the Buddha,
we need three principal qualities, above the three, or together with these three samadhisas, which
we just discussed before.
And these three qualities of the Buddha, all 10 in the teaching said, samadhisas, samadhi in Tibet,
samadhabha, and temba.
Samadhasalwa samadha, dhabha, d-a-g-p-a, dhabha, and temba, t-a-n-p-a, temba.
Samadha is very, very important, every king. And this samadhi means clarity, clarity. And dhabha
means purity.
Dhabha means stable, stabilizing, or firmness, firmness.
And these three are important. Samadha means clarity of a very detailed visualization.
The detail of every characteristic of the visualization depends on our concentrations, shamadha,
and Vibhachan meditations.
And so that is, again, very difficult. So among these three, one thing they said, dhabha and temba
are the most important.
Even is not so common, even is not common so today. And that's the skill, okay? Because when your
mind is gone up today,
if you feel that without a doubt or hesitation, even is not so clear, clear everything, that's fine
, as much as you try.
But then, and it's okay. And the whole samadhi's case, rather this phyto has one hundred buddha at
least, even could be more clear.
One hundred buddha, it's very difficult to see everything so clear. Even one buddha, many times, we
struggle, or clarity of the meditation.
So if one buddha, and we can claim, for example, buddha samadhi vadhara, or the buddha vajasattva,
and we can claim visualization,
the rest is not common so clear. It's okay. In the teaching said, when your mind, for example, came
, when your mind bursted,
all entourage is there. You just focus to the first step. Then even if you didn't have time to
focus all the entourage,
secretary of state, secretary of trade, secretary of this and that, if you just focus with the
first step, then I think you're not quite okay.
Similarly here, whatever the prosperity, have you focused clearly on that? Even it's not coming so
clear, that is still okay.
Even that prosperity is not coming so clear, still okay, and you have the dapa and the dhama in the
teaching said.
Dapa means purity. Purity is, as we simplify the propriety, I say many times, which is, the deities
are not regular.
Buddha is not regular. Buddha is true of compassion and wisdom and transcendental wisdom and
support.
That is the religion that it is. And we have that thought, that realization, that meditation.
Then it is purity, status. Then of course all the hand implements, the gestures, the
characteristics, everything has different things.
It's not just regular things, regular hand opting, regular custom, regular this and that. It's all
display of that, that God of love,
for both each other, compassion and wisdom, that obeying this different form, different God,
implements different customs.
So every kind of breath, essence, it is transcendental, wisdom, love and compassion, and we have
that thought, then purity is quite good.
Purity is quite good. The second, the third one, in this case third one, is dhimba.
Dhimba is, as we discussed earlier too, is fearlessness, no hesitation, no doubt.
Where you were in meditation and regularization, we shouldn't think of this, might, that, why, what
, this and that.
We are not thinking that, then it is, we are tempted, we are not able to fully embrace the teaching
, it's self practice, self.
Our ground is shaking, already. Our clarity is already shaking, purity is already, you can't
imagine, shaking.
Now, there is confidence, fearlessness is shaking, then our meditation becomes, the regularization
becomes very shaky.
So therefore, it's fearlessness, which also applies to confidence.
Confidence on your meditation, practice. During that time, you spend five minutes or ten minutes,
whatever you spend your time, totally dedicated to that.
If you don't spend the time to hovering with many thought of the intellectual or doubt and this and
that, then we have to completely spoil our meditation practice.
So these three are really important.
If we have that three, then we became, all that three is excellent, but somehow we couldn't due to
our capability of the concentration, then this unity in the stabilized, stable, stable for the fear
lessness and confidence, this is always in the teachings, so important.
Otherwise, it becomes very shaky.